Okay, so we have identified our audience,
we've worked out the sector
that we want to speak to and
we've got all of their contact details.
Now how do we get their attention
without it becoming sleazy and
awkward, and salesy and nasty?
Well, let's start by looking
at the strategy that I'm
proposing that we use, all right?
The first thing to say is we
will not be selling at people,
right, people can smell spam a mile away,
okay?
So the moment that we have in our heads,
it'd be great if this turned into a lead,
or I'd love to work for these people.
Or the minute it becomes
anything other than an honest,
sincere interest in who they are,
what they do, how their job works,
challenges they face, and
turns into a sales thing, forget it.
You will get nowhere.
And also, even if you did write them
a sales email, the chance of contacting
them at the exact moment where they're
willing to buy is pretty unlikely.
However, what will we do?
Well, we will ask for their help, right?
Spam wants you to buy something or
do something.
Spam doesn't seek your opinion, and
it doesn't want to hear from you, so
instead, we're going to ask people
to share their experience and
their wisdom, and we're gonna make people
feel valued and listened to, okay?
And in return,
we're gonna provide value, right?
We're going for for them,
sharing their experiences,
telling us their pain points,
their challenges, their goals for
the insight that they're giving
us into the sector and their job.
We're gonna actually,
give them something back.
Okay, so
what does this look like in practice?
What are our deliverables here,
what are we going to be sending them,
what we gonna be providing them?
Well first of all, we're probably,
and I say probably and
you'll see why in a minute
gonna write the report.
So, in return for their feedback and
their involvement, and
sharing their experiences with us,
in return for signing up for
our emails, we're gonna provide
them with an industry report.
That gives them insights into their sector
and the kind of challenges that other
people face, and some advice and
best practice about how to deal with that.
That could be something different,
but we'll come to that in a minute.
Secondly, we're gonna offer to
give them a review of their site.
Right, so, and
this works may be more if you're involved
in things like performance or
accessibility, or
user interface stuff that can be
seen from the front end I guess.
But we're going to say to them look,
thank you so
much for giving up a little bit of your
time to share your experiences with us.
In return for that,
if you want us to do a quick first
impressions review of your website and
return for your participation, then we
would happily do that as a thank you.
Alright, so we're about giving value.
And then third, we're going to be
offering them regular email advice.
So, we're going to provide
them with ongoing value and
keep people engaged by sending them
regular advice via email, to help them
overcome the challenges that they've
shared with us and identify with us.
So how are we actually going
to engage with our audience,
what are the different touchpoints and
interactions that are going to go on here?
Well, first of all is going
to be an introduction.
Now, we're just going to email people or
reach out to them on Linkedin.
And we're going to introduce ourselves and
explain that we're doing some
research into the sector, and we want
to help overcome some of the challenges
in the sector, and that kind of thing.
And we're gonna ask them whether
they would find that help useful,
whether there are challenges
that we can help with.
To be honest I'm not expecting you
to get a reply to that one, right,
the aim is not to get a reply,
the aim is to say, hey, we're here,
we're working on this,
right, and that's it.
Then we're gonna follow up
afterwards with a survey, okay?
And in the survey, we're gonna say, welI,
I said we wanted to understand the sector
a little bit, so we've put together
a survey that's gonna help inform what we
produce for example,
the report that I mentioned.
We'll offer that to give
them the report for
free if they're willing to take
part in completing the survey, and
we'll probably say we're willing to do
it that first impression review as well.
And then the final time we're
gonna reach out to them, okay?
Because we don't want to abuse this
initial relationship is just to say,
we've produced that report,
whatever it ends up being,
and they can go and check it out here.
They can get access to it,
and they can sign up for
more email advice if they want to,
but they're not obliged to.
Okay, so those are the three touch points
as the only time we're going to contact
people cold without their permission.
Okay, so this report I keep
banging on about what is it, and
why are we talking about doing it.
The aim of the report is to
give them something of value,
in return for their interaction,
okay, return for
acknowledging that you exist and
engaging with you.
And a report is often a really
good way of doing that.
It's not the only way and I'll touch
on other options in just a minute.
So this is your equivalent
of a lead magnet, right.
If you come and sign up to our emails,
you'll get this report,
this thing of value, so
what you include in that report will be
dependent on where your
expertise lies right?
So if you're someone that specializes in
performance the report is obviously going
to talk about performance related issues,
if you're a data scientist it's going to
talk about data visualization issues, and
that kind of stuff if you're a UX
designer, user experience and so on.
Right, and it should also focus on
the kind of work within that area that you
want to win more of.
So, if you work in user
experience design and
you're frustrated that you
don't get to do enough testing,
your report might be how
testing can help the higher
education sector,
something like that, right?
So, you're tying it back to the products
and services that you offer,
and it's also can be really useful
way of drawing attention to different
problems within a sector, and offering
solutions to a problem within a sector.
So for example,
if in your research you discover one of
the biggest problems is that
there is not enough time and
budget to enable proper usability
testing on a website within that sector,
your report can focus on
how to get that time.
Right, how to make that happen,
how to bring about that change.